README.md, before:

# LeetCode

| Question                                                                                    | Difficulty | Name                                                 | Remarks                                                         |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [724](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-pivot-index/)                                      | Easy       | Find Pivot Index                                     |                                                                 |
| [727](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number-at-least-twice-of-others/solution/)      | Easy       | Largest Number At Least Twice of Others              |                                                                 |
| [66](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/)                                               | Easy       | Plus One                                             |                                                                 |
| [498](https://leetcode.com/problems/diagonal-traverse/)                                     | Medium     | Diagonal Traverse                                    | faster than 97.04% 🔁                                            |
| [54](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/)                                          | Medium     | Spiral Matrix                                        | 🔁                                                               |
| [118](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/)                                      | Easy       | Pascal's Triangle                                    |                                                                 |
| [67](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/)                                             | Easy       | Add Binary                                           |                                                                 |
| [14](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)                                  | Easy       | Longest Common Prefix                                |                                                                 |
| [28](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/)                                       | Easy       | Implement strStr()                                   |                                                                 |
| [561](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/)                                     | Easy       | Array Partition I                                    |                                                                 |
| [167](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/)                      | Easy       | Two Sum II - Input array is sorted I                 |                                                                 |
| [27](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)                                         | Easy       | Remove Element                                       | Note that order is not needed to be preserved                   |
| [485](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones/)                                  | Easy       | Max Consecutive Ones                                 | faster than 94.94%                                              |
| [209](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/)                             | Medium     | Minimum Size Subarray Sum                            |                                                                 |
| [189](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/)                                          | Easy       | Rotate Array                                         |                                                                 |
| [119](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/)                                   | Easy       | Pascal's Triangle II                                 |                                                                 |
| [151](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string/)                             | Medium     | Reverse Words in a String                            | An easy level Q if using Python                                 |
| [557](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string-iii/)                         | Easy       | Reverse Words in a String III                        |                                                                 |
| [26](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)                    | Easy       | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array                  |                                                                 |
| [283](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)                                           | Easy       | Move Zeros                                           | Faster than 98.25%                                              |
| [1295](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-numbers-with-even-number-of-digits/)              | Easy       | Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits              |                                                                 |
| [977](https://leetcode.com/problems/squares-of-a-sorted-array/)                             | Easy       | Squares of a Sorted Array                            |                                                                 |
| [1089](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-zeros/)                                      | Easy       | Duplicate Zeros                                      |                                                                 |
| [88](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/)                                     | Easy       | Merge Sorted Array                                   |                                                                 |
| [1346](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-n-and-its-double-exist/)                      | Easy       | Check If N and Its Double Exist                      | Faster than 98.40%                                              |
| [941](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-mountain-array/)                                  | Easy       | Valid Mountain Array                                 |                                                                 |
| [1299](https://leetcode.com/problems/replace-elements-with-greatest-element-on-right-side/) | Easy       | Replace Elements with Greatest Element on Right Side |                                                                 |
| [905](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-array-by-parity/)                                  | Easy       | Sort Array By Parity                                 |                                                                 |
| [1051](https://leetcode.com/problems/height-checker/)                                       | Easy       | Height Checker                                       |                                                                 |
| [414](https://leetcode.com/problems/third-maximum-number/)                                  | Easy       | Third Maximum Number                                 |                                                                 |
| [448](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-numbers-disappeared-in-an-array/)              | Easy       | Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array             |                                                                 |
| [707](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-linked-list/)                                    | Medium     | Design Linked List                                   |                                                                 |
| [141](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/)                                     | Easy       | Linked List Cycle                                    |                                                                 |
| [142](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle-ii/)                                  | Medium     | Linked List Cycle II                                 | Tricky when determinining the starting node in the second check |
| [160](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/)                      | Easy       | Intersection of Two Linked Lists                     | 🔁                                                               |
| [19](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)                       | Medium     | Remove Nth Node From End of List                     | Easy, if you think of 2-pointers                                |
| [206](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)                                   | Easy       | Reverse Linked List                                  |                                                                 |
| [203](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/)                           | Easy       | Remove Linked List Elements                          |                                                                 |
| [328](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/)                                  | Medium     | Odd Even Linked List                                 |                                                                 |
| [234](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/)                                | Easy       | Palindrome Linked List                               | Think about two pointers 🔁                                      |
| [21](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)                                 | Easy       | Merge Two Sorted Lists                               |                                                                 |
| [50](https://leetcode.com/problems/powx-n/)                                                 | Medium     | Pow(x, n)                                            |
| Think abt the nature of Exponentiation                                                      |

Commit message:

Add 84 Largest Rectangle in Histogram

README.md, after:

# LeetCode

| Question                                                                                    | Difficulty | Name                                                 | Remarks                                                         |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [724](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-pivot-index/)                                      | Easy       | Find Pivot Index                                     |                                                                 |
| [727](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number-at-least-twice-of-others/solution/)      | Easy       | Largest Number At Least Twice of Others              |                                                                 |
| [66](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/)                                               | Easy       | Plus One                                             |                                                                 |
| [498](https://leetcode.com/problems/diagonal-traverse/)                                     | Medium     | Diagonal Traverse                                    | faster than 97.04% 🔁                                            |
| [54](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/)                                          | Medium     | Spiral Matrix                                        | 🔁                                                               |
| [118](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/)                                      | Easy       | Pascal's Triangle                                    |                                                                 |
| [67](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/)                                             | Easy       | Add Binary                                           |                                                                 |
| [14](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)                                  | Easy       | Longest Common Prefix                                |                                                                 |
| [28](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/)                                       | Easy       | Implement strStr()                                   |                                                                 |
| [561](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/)                                     | Easy       | Array Partition I                                    |                                                                 |
| [167](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/)                      | Easy       | Two Sum II - Input array is sorted I                 |                                                                 |
| [27](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)                                         | Easy       | Remove Element                                       | Note that order is not needed to be preserved                   |
| [485](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones/)                                  | Easy       | Max Consecutive Ones                                 | faster than 94.94%                                              |
| [209](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/)                             | Medium     | Minimum Size Subarray Sum                            |                                                                 |
| [189](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/)                                          | Easy       | Rotate Array                                         |                                                                 |
| [119](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/)                                   | Easy       | Pascal's Triangle II                                 |                                                                 |
| [151](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string/)                             | Medium     | Reverse Words in a String                            | An easy level Q if using Python                                 |
| [557](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string-iii/)                         | Easy       | Reverse Words in a String III                        |                                                                 |
| [26](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)                    | Easy       | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array                  |                                                                 |
| [283](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)                                           | Easy       | Move Zeros                                           | Faster than 98.25%                                              |
| [1295](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-numbers-with-even-number-of-digits/)              | Easy       | Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits              |                                                                 |
| [977](https://leetcode.com/problems/squares-of-a-sorted-array/)                             | Easy       | Squares of a Sorted Array                            |                                                                 |
| [1089](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-zeros/)                                      | Easy       | Duplicate Zeros                                      |                                                                 |
| [88](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/)                                     | Easy       | Merge Sorted Array                                   |                                                                 |
| [1346](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-n-and-its-double-exist/)                      | Easy       | Check If N and Its Double Exist                      | Faster than 98.40%                                              |
| [941](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-mountain-array/)                                  | Easy       | Valid Mountain Array                                 |                                                                 |
| [1299](https://leetcode.com/problems/replace-elements-with-greatest-element-on-right-side/) | Easy       | Replace Elements with Greatest Element on Right Side |                                                                 |
| [905](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-array-by-parity/)                                  | Easy       | Sort Array By Parity                                 |                                                                 |
| [1051](https://leetcode.com/problems/height-checker/)                                       | Easy       | Height Checker                                       |                                                                 |
| [414](https://leetcode.com/problems/third-maximum-number/)                                  | Easy       | Third Maximum Number                                 |                                                                 |
| [448](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-numbers-disappeared-in-an-array/)              | Easy       | Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array             |                                                                 |
| [707](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-linked-list/)                                    | Medium     | Design Linked List                                   |                                                                 |
| [141](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/)                                     | Easy       | Linked List Cycle                                    |                                                                 |
| [142](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle-ii/)                                  | Medium     | Linked List Cycle II                                 | Tricky when determinining the starting node in the second check |
| [160](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/)                      | Easy       | Intersection of Two Linked Lists                     | 🔁                                                               |
| [19](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)                       | Medium     | Remove Nth Node From End of List                     | Easy, if you think of 2-pointers                                |
| [206](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)                                   | Easy       | Reverse Linked List                                  |                                                                 |
| [203](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/)                           | Easy       | Remove Linked List Elements                          |                                                                 |
| [328](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/)                                  | Medium     | Odd Even Linked List                                 |                                                                 |
| [234](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/)                                | Easy       | Palindrome Linked List                               | Think about two pointers 🔁                                      |
| [21](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)                                 | Easy       | Merge Two Sorted Lists                               |                                                                 |
| [50](https://leetcode.com/problems/powx-n/)                                                 | Medium     | Pow(x, n)                                            | Think abt the nature of Exponentiation                          |
| [84](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-rectangle-in-histogram/)                         | Hard       | Largest Rectangle in Histogram                       |                                                                 |
